restore alpha prior SD to 0.05 (#840)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

## Model changes

- A bug in the spectral densities of Matern kernels of order other than 3/2 has been fixed and the vignette updated accordingly. By @sbfnk in #835 and reviewed by @seabbs.

> - Changed the prior on the (square root of the) magnitude alpha of the Gaussian Process back to HalfNormal(0, 0.05) based on user feedback of unexpected results. By @sbfnk in #PR and reviewed by.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the prior on the (square root of the) magnitude alpha of the Gaussian Process back to HalfNormal(0, 0.05) based on user feedback of unexpected results. By @sbfnk in #840  and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.
```
